Data Usage Policy for Arachis hypogaea cultivar Tifrunner, assembly version 1.0

As a public service, the researchers who have assembled the genome for Arachis hypogaea 
cv. Tifrunner, are making this assembly available before scientific publication according 
to the Ft. Lauderdale Accord (https://www.genome.gov/pages/research/wellcomereport0303.pdf). 
These data sets available from the Legume Federation / PeanutBase Data Store prior to 
peer-reviewed publication of the data, with the expectation and desire to publish analysis 
of the data in a reasonable time without preemption by other groups. By accessing these data, 
you agree not to publish any articles containing analyses of genes or genomic data on 
a whole genome or chromosome scale prior to publication by the sequencing consortium of 
a comprehensive genome analysis ("Reserved Analyses"). Reserved analyses include the 
identification of complete (whole genome) sets of genomic features such as genes, 
gene families, regulatory elements, repeat structures, GC content, or any other 
genome feature, and whole-genome- or chromosome- scale comparisons with other species, 
including other soybean species and cultivars. For specific questions about data use,
please send your inquiry to peanutbase-contact@iastate.edu.

Also note that this assembly data is being made available prior to deposition at GenBank.
The assembly MAY CHANGE during deposition. Therefore, please treat this assembly as
provisional and subject to change.

If you will be employing the data for non-reserved analyses, such as cloning a gene of
interest, designing mapping panels or to analyze a gene family, etc., please reference 
"The International Peanut Genome Initiative tetraploid peanut genome, pre-publication" 
in your provisional citation.

These data may be freely downloaded and used by all who respect the restrictions in the
previous paragraphs. The assembly and annotations should not be redistributed or
repackaged without permission. Once the sequence is moved to unreserved status, the data 
will be freely available for any subsequent use. If you wish to use this data, please 
contact peanutbase-contact@iastate.edu with your plans, to ensure that proposed usage of 
sequence data are not Reserved Analyses.

Project of The International Peanut Genome Initiative consortium.

Lead assembly group: Jeremy Schmutz, Jerry Jenkins, Jane Grimwood

